Are you all right?
It's alright, I'm here to thank you. You should protect the weak woman. Isn't this what you should do? The weak woman
Are you describing me?
Tang Lu, no matter how strong you are
You are also a woman
It is natural for men to protect women
Okay, you win this game
I am a weak woman
Tang Lu, okay, don't go out here, let's go
You are so
I just ran a little in a hurry.
Accidentally sprained my foot
You're like this and you say it's alright
Oops, I got an old injury from a bridge in college
It's okay, then I'll take you to the hospital, hey, don't, don't
I have ointment at home and I put this on all year round
or
Let me drive you home.
You can't drive like this anyway, so it's troublesome sugar green
Just dress up for the old lady, let's go